docs(stream): sentence-level copy-edit of the streaming docs (#371)
vikejs/telefunc: docs/pages/testing/+Page.mdx

})
```

This is also how you test <Link href="/permissions" /> — set up a context that should (or shouldn't) pass, then assert the telefunction returns or throws `Abort()` accordingly.

## Channels & the wire protocol

A telefunction that opens a <Link text={<code>Channel</code>} href="/channel" /> or `BroadcastChannel` is still a plain function — call it directly to assert it authorizes correctly and wires up its listeners.

> The wire protocol itself, though — reconnection, multi-client broadcast, transport upgrades — only comes into play over a real connection, so cover it with an **end-to-end test** against a running server.

Author: ```suggestion
The wire protocol itself, though — reconnection, multi-client broadcast, transport upgrades — only exists over a real connection, so cover it with an **end-to-end test** against a running server.
```
